Oh youtube i'll show you accounting a
different microphone we've got here
today working on this project for a
while it's a turner plus three base with
the ED 104 head I didn't turn to get
microphones apart to do this somebody
actually started this project before I
ever got a hold of it but never finished
it so it thrilling completely get at the
base rewired everything and though the
new paint job on it and send it down to
the middle shined up to D 104 head put a
new cord on it I'm get hooked up there
realistic 455 and also one thing I
noticed here with you my again you
barely have to correct amount gain
opening on that's Mike the different
head on to youth the swinger oh good
anything warned about a quarter really
over modulating and I didn't put a blue
LED and it comes on your key and force
modulation it that's really good it's
it's the best of both worlds I got the
meters calibrated here let's see how she
magis and it's on the 455 the
modulations never been clip or anything
like this this is a bone stock radio
okay her mom's me girl how good you can
see them
audio hey hey audio say my eighty
percent with a whistle like I say that's
a bum stock radio I've been messed with
audio shown about 10 watts of swinging
really not much but it's one of the
shins that Mike's along the different
side don't usually do stuff like that
but bit that together it good
conversation piece anyway alright you
two bye thank you for watching have a
good day the rambling don't fool around
with a rambling name there with that
green grass grow